docs/customcommands: document custom commands section (#14)
botlabs-gg/yagpdb-docs-v2: content/custom-commands/database.md

+++
title = 'Database'
weight = 2
+++

The Custom Command Database is used for persistent storage between custom command executions. The database page displays
all database entries created by custom commands, allowing you to view details on or delete individual entries.

<!--more-->

![Overview of the Database page.](overview_database.png)

<center>

**1** Entry ID **2** Created Timestamp **3** Updated Timestamp **4** Expiry Timestamp **5** User ID **6** Key **7**
Value **8** Size of Value **9** Delete Entry **10** Page Navigation **11** Search Query **12** Search Bar

</center>

## Entries

### Entry ID

The ID is assigned by the system and unique within YAGPDB's database. The database page is sorted by descending ID. You

> may seach for a specific ID using the **Search Bar** (**11**) with ID **Query** (**10**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may search for a specific ID using the **Search Bar** (**11**) with ID **Query** (**10**).
```

### Created Timestamp

UTC timestamp of when the entry was created.

### Updated Timestamp

UTC timestamp of when the entry was updated. Increasing or setting a database value updates this timestamp.

### Expiry Timestamp

UTC timestamp of when the entry will expire. An expired entry will not be retrieved by database functions, but **will**
appear on the database page.

### User ID

The user-defined ID of the entry (does not have to be a user's ID, accepts any int64). You may search for a specific ID
using the **Search Bar** (**11**) with User ID **Query** (**10**).

### Key

The user-defined key of the entry. A key is a string, max 256 characters. You may search for a specific key using the
**Search Bar** (**11**) with Key **Query** (**10**).

### Value

The serialized value of the database entry.

### Size of Value

> Size of the value in bytes. YAGPDB database entries have a max value size of 100kB.

Reviewer: You generally have a (non-breaking) space between the numerical value
and the unit symbol, minus a very few exceptions like `°C`. My
professors also always chastize me when I do not do that, so I feel your
pain. :-)
```suggestion
Size of the value in bytes. YAGPDB database entries have a max value size of 100 kB.
```
